This is what you missed last
week on Shameless.
It was a great episode.
Think you can loan me
a couple bills?
I can pay you for a job.
Fiona would be pissed
if she knew you were into
this shit with me.
Are you screwing
my sister's boyfriend?
Hey, Mom, me and Chip are going
to swing by the hospital.
Oh, this is...
Debbie Gallagher.
Nice to meet you, Jimmy.
Are you going to tell Fiona?
I saw a really cool pink vest.
I like to think of it
as a peace offering.
Somebody bought
Mr. Harris' house?
Steve.
Fiona's a good girl.
I've known her a long time.
Drive carefully.
Congratulations, Ian.
You are not
Frank Gallagher's son.
But my father's a close
relative.
Most likely one
of your brothers.
If you love us,
you'll leave Liam.
Take your girlfriend,
get in your truck
and never come back.
I've been reading more about
this Purity Ball thing.
You need to be as honest
as you can,
It's okay, sweetheart.
I started having oral sex...
orgy... naked body...
black strap-on dildo...
You whore!
He humiliated me!
Get out! Get out!
♪ Think of all the luck
you got ♪
♪ Know that it's
not for naught ♪
♪ You were beaming once before ♪
♪ But it's not
like that anymore ♪
♪ What is this downside ♪
♪ That you speak of? ♪
♪ What is this feeling ♪
♪ You're so sure of? ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Round up the friends you got ♪
♪ Know that
they're not for naught ♪
♪ You were willing once before ♪
♪ But it's not like that
anymore ♪
♪ What is this downside ♪
♪ That you speak of? ♪
♪ What is this feeling ♪
♪ You're so... ♪
♪ Sure of? ♪
STEVE:
It's good.
All right, can you do this?
Oh, that's easy.
(chuckles)
Can you wiggle your ears?
Oh, my God.
But slightly, right?
Slightly?
Yeah, I think...
I think I can.
I said wiggle your ears,
not shit your pants.
(both laughing)
You want to see me
make a mangina?
Oh, that's sexy,
but I'll pass.
I can put my ankle
behind my head
and sing
"The Star Spangled Banner."
Okay.
Does it have to be
our national anthem?
What else would it be?
♪ Oh say can you see ♪
This is great.
♪ By the dawn's ♪
Whoa!
♪ Early light ♪
(chuckles)
♪ What so proudly we hailed
at... ♪
Am I going to have to
learn how to do that
when I start having sex?
This has nothing to do
with sex.
Then it's even weirder.
What are you doing in here?
You're supposed to be
at my classroom moms'
meeting in 40 minutes.
Since when?
Since Mom promised to go
before she
left us again.
Oh, God, Debs, please don't
make me do this.
I know you don't
like those meetings.
That's why I never
tell you about them.
Are the meetings
really that bad?
It's the women from
the neighborhood.
All they do is talk about
their husbands and their jobs
and their dental plans.
You know, maybe you should just
show them your special skill.
(both laughing)
The Snob Mob always
makes fun of me
for not having a parent there.
So when Mom came back,
I signed her up.
What's the Snob Mob?
The name speaks for itself.
And their moms
aren't much nicer.
They're expecting a grown-up
to help with the decorations.
It's only
this one time.
I won't sign you up
again. I promise.
Fine.
Yes!
Let me make
some coffee first.
Okay.
(sighs)
What?
You tell her the truth yet,
Jimmy?
Soon.
You better.
FIONA: Have a good day
at work, dear.
You satisfied?
I just can't believe it.
Hey, you win some,
you lose some.
What does
she see in him?
Ass, gas and cash.
Did you see his Porsche?
Fiona's not like that.
Face it, women think
with their vaginas.
Now let's vamonos.
We'll find you another
skanky hood girl
to obsess about.
(engine starts)
Snob Mob says it's not fair
that I get to go
to all the class
parties and stuff,
even though
we don't contribute.
You can't listen
to those bitches, Debs.
No.
You have to look nice.
There's a hole in it.
Well, that's gonna cut
out half my wardrobe.
Maybe the boys have
something I can wear.
♪ ♪
Stop downloading porn.
Oops, busted.
I need a sweater.
Help yourself.
What are you
guys doing?
We're looking for homeboy's dad.
He's looking for
homeboy's dad.
LIP:
Jesus.
There are a lot of Gallaghers.
Hey, Fiona, do you know any
of Frank's brothers' names?
Shit, I have no idea.
Oh, I think one of them's
Wendell or something.
I suppose I could just
start calling them all.
What do you care, anyway?
He just wishes it was him
that wasn't Frank's kid.
Plus, you know, if we find
Ian's real dad,
you know, maybe
he'll give us some cash
or we could report his name
to the state
and collect extra child support.
Then I'd have to hang out
with the dude.
He might be cool.
Ha, Frank's brother?
He's got to be better
than Frank, right?
I mean, maybe he has a job
or he's sober
or he likes kids.
Doubt it.
Oh, hey, how about
this one, Debs?
It'll have to do.
Now go.
Come on.
Oh, take the bus
out to see Grammy.
She'll know where
the brothers are.
WOMAN:
Hi.
Fiona, right?
Yeah.
Debbie said
I should expect you.
I'm Jasmine Hollander.
I live over on
South Bishop.
I remember you
from the neighborhood.
You used to babysit
my friend Beth Souza.
JASMINE: Right! Um, okay, well,
let me get you started.
Look who just
showed up.
We're making decorations
for the kids'
St. Patty's Day party tomorrow.
Okay.
Uh, okay, why don't you take
a seat right there,
and I'll bring you
some construction paper.
Okay?
Hi, Fiona.
Long time no see.
Yeah.
So what rate did you guys
end up getting?
Eve's refinancing
her home.
Four and a half percent
for 15 years.
Your monthly must
be outrageous.
Peter wants to pay the house
off sooner than later.
Should have gone for a 30.
That's what we have.
Rates would be higher.
But your payments
would have been lower.
Peter has
a head for numbers.
We'll be okay.
I'd be worried
that the rail lines
are going to have layoffs again.
Aren't you?
I guess I am now.
Must be nice not to own
a home and have to deal
with this stuff.
Yeah. It gives me more time
to buy drugs
and fence stolen goods.
(roaring and snarling)
♪ Ta-ra-ra ♪
♪ Boom-de-ay ♪
♪ I'm getting some cash today ♪
♪ I don't care what you say ♪
♪ Just stay the fuck
out of my way. ♪
Die, locust scum!
(groans)
Oh, mail's not here yet.
Any minute, usually.
Oh! Ooh! Ooh!
What are you kids
doing home?
Budget cuts.
Eat my ass!
We have every
other Friday off.
Shouldn't someone
be watching you?
We're latchkey kids.
Right.
(chuckling)
"Dear, Mr. Gallagher...
"Effective immediately,
"your Illinois State Workers'
Compensation
has been terminated"?!
No...!
(dog whines)
(shout continues)
(train whistle blowing)
Karen.
(train cars rattling)
(muffled heavy metal playing)
(music grows louder)
Hello!
Karen?
Yo.
Hello, hello, hello.
Karen...
Fuck! You scared
me, Lip.
Sorry. Your mom
let me in.
(lowers volume)
What are you doing?
I just-- I haven't seen you
in school in a couple days.
Been busy.
Yeah, I can see that.
I like the, uh,
what do you call it--
the nose, chain ring...
thing, it's, uh...
Me and Ian were going
to go visit my grandmother.
You want to come?
No.
Okay.
(mechanical laughter)
Found out, uh, Frank's
not Ian's dad.
Lucky him.
Yeah.
Might try to go
find his real one.
Why?
All dads are assholes.
Well, come with us.
We'll hit up
the White Castle after.
It's got to be better than
hanging around here all day
being angry at your dad.
I'm not angry
at my dad.
Well, it, uh...
kind of, uh...
It seems like you are.
Why would I be
angry at my dad?
I don't know, 'cause of, uh,
the stupid Purity Ball thing?
Are you kidding me?
I'm fine.
I'm just glad that my dad's
not around anymore
to call me a whore!
All right, whatever.
What's that supposed to mean?
You're going to analyze me now,
like you don't have enough
problems of your own?
Whoa, whoa, no, I-I just
don't understand
why you give a shit
about what your dad
has to say.
I mean, not to be
a dick or anything,
but you have been
kind of a whore.
What?!
No, there's no judgment.
I mean, I think it's cool.
You know, you're
a free spirit...
Get the fuck out of my house!
Take it easy.
Out!
Okay, fine.
I was just trying
to help.
I don't need your help!
Well, have fun being angry
at your dad.
Fuck off!
FRANK:
How the fuck did I know
that I'd catch you
icing the stairs,
you sack of shit
ambulance chaser?!
What are you doing here?
My worker's comp
got canceled.
You're an A-hole, Frank.
You should have laid low,
like I fucking told you to.
Hey, watch your step.
Could be slippery.
I go from home
to the Alibi Room.
How much lower
can I lay?
They got video, you moron.
That's not possible.
(Frank stammers)
I was getting a case of beer for
helping my friend Tito move.
It was a reimbursement dispute
with my drug dealer.
Well, how was I
supposed to know
her husband was going
to come back early?
Call me when you get
hurt on the next job.
And aim for the knees next time,
huh? Pays more than ribs.
(woman screams)
Whoa, whoa,
I saw that.
The city will pay.
Larry M. Burke,
Attorney at Law,
at your service.
Shit.
(conversing indistinctly)
(whispering):
Ugh. Bitches.
JASMINE:
Fiona.
Wait up.
I have to go.
I got stuff
to do at home.
I just want to thank
you for coming today.
Okay.
Would love to have
you at more meetings.
See if I can fit it
into my busy schedule.
Don't let those
women bum you out.
I didn't even
notice them.
Well, between you and me,
I think they're twats.
(chuckles)
Why are you friends
with them, then?
Because our kids
play together.
They have baseball
and soccer.
They're not so bad, once
you get to know them.
Well, I guess they chose
not to show
that side of themselves today.
They're just insecure,
so they've got to make
everybody else feel
as shitty as they do.
Worked.
How about we go
grab some coffee?
I don't do coffee.
Tea?
No, I mean,
I do coffee.
I just don't have the
luxury of doing it
in the middle of the day,
like you people.
(laughs)
Hey, don't be a hater.
You're right. I'm sorry.
You can make it up to me
by letting me buy you a drink.
(laughs)
So now it's a drink?
I'll take that
as a yes.
Come on.
(toilet flushing)
What?
Never seen you use
deodorant before.
Well, got to find a job.
You should come with me.
Why?
It's time you learned
the family business, son.
Typed up your
résumé, Daddy.
Good girl, Debs.
FRANK: "Francis Gallagher
is a passionate professional
"who brings
creative solutions
from the idea phase
to fruition."
You know me so well.
You little...
Hey!
LIP:
Aren't you a little bit curious
to find out
who he is?
No.
No, he could be any
one of these guys.
Oh, yeah?
Like that one right there?
Totally.
Look, he's going to be a
douche bag, no matter who he is.
He can't be any
worse than Frank.
He's a Gallagher.
Maybe he'll take you
to a game or...
you know, kick in
some scratch for college,
or give you a kidney.
Hell, a birthday card once
a year-- that's a win, right?
Do we know any
cool dads?
Scotty Houston's father.
But he's on that
sex offenders list
for jacking off
in Sherman Park.
MAN: I got a, um, pizza
delivery driver opening.
Liquor salesman.
Bilingual insurance agent.
Part-time nanny.
Hair salon assistant.
Truck driver.
Egg donor.
Egg donor?
What the f...?
It's the wrong...
this is the wrong category.
Anything float your boat, Frank?
You know what
I'm here for, Gary.
Show me the special list.
No, I'm not, uh...
I'm not doing that
anymore, Frank.
Open your top drawer.
No, no, no.
The boss is cracking down.
I brought the kids out.
I want to show them
a thing or two.
Look, you're going to
get me in trouble.
I'll be discreet.
Come on.
We'll have the same deal
we had before.
No. I need 30% this time.
Ten.
Twenty-five.
Twenty.
Six months ago, guy
fell off a scaffold
at McNally Construction.
He broke three bones.
I could send
you over there.
Sounds good, if it weren't
for my fear of heights.
What else you got?
How do you feel about
metal splinters to the eye?
Not so great.
Okay, look. Are you up-to-date
on your rabies shots?
No.
Okay, what about seared flesh?
Yeah. Bobby's Bagel
Joint is hiring.
All right?
I got a gal--
she stuck her hand
in the boiling vat.
She'll be collecting
for at least 24 months.
Suppose if I had to.
Anything else?
(sighs)
Okay.
Here we go.
These are the jobs
nobody wants.
The conditions are
hazardous, unsafe...
or both.
You're guaranteed
to get hurt.
You're the man, Gary.
(lock buzzes, door clangs open)
There she is.
LIP:
Hey, Grammy.
Who the hell are you?
Grams, it's us.
Lip and Ian--
Frank's sons.
Your grandsons.
My goodness.
Would you look at you two?
I have never seen apple
and spice looking so nice.
Thanks, Grammy.
How's it going
in there?
(sighs)
Well, the food's not so great,
but the pussy's pretty good.
Never thought I'd be the type.
Oh, this dump ain't so bad.
I can get blow anytime I like.
Sounds all right.
Yeah. The only thing
that sucks is,
they got me cleaning toilets.
I wanted to be
on the kitchen crew,
but they won't let me
anywhere near the place.
One meth lab explosion,
and this is what I get.
Well, yeah. It's probably
the two college students
that died in the
fire, Grams.
So what do you want?
Well, we're, uh...
we're trying to find
Dad's brothers.
There's, uh,
three, right?
Who wants to know?
Just us.
One might be my dad.
How so?
Uh, Monica...
boned a brother.
What?
Monica-- she
fucked a brother.
I never liked that woman.
So, I give you the names,
what are you
going to do for me?
What do you want?
Cigarettes-- carton a week.
What, you can get blow in here,
but not cigarettes?
Go figure.
Yeah, you got it.
Clayton, Jerry
and my baby Wyatt.
They're in the book.
But don't bother with Wyatt.
He lost his testicles
in the Navy.
GUARD: All right, let's go.
Okay.
Thanks, Grams.
Hey!
And you tell Jerry
Come on!
that if he doesn't pay me back
that five grand
he stole,
I'm going to send
my ex-husband Ronnie over
to gouge his eye out
with a grapefruit spoon.
Hey, your time is up! Let's go!
♪ ♪
So what were you,
like five or six years
behind me in school?
Uh... eight, I think.
Jesus.
I'm an old lady.
Yeah.
I was thinking the same thing.
Uh, an old lady
who can do this.
Damn.
Yeah. I told Hal, if he
wanted another kid,
he had to get me
a 24 Hour Fitness membership.
It's bad enough my cookie
box is all stretched out.
No.
Yeah. That's
what happens.
Can't you do, like,
Kegels or something?
I'm doing them right now.
How many kids do you have?
Three, which is plenty.
I made Hal snip
his business.
And then, if I kick his ass
to the curb,
I can have more
with someone else if I want.
Are you thinking about kicking
his ass to the curb?
Some days, yes.
Some days, no.
(sighs)
He's a good guy.
Just one thing I'd
change about him.
Oh, yeah?
What's that?
No passion.
That's a big one.
Yeah, tell me about it.
Hey, ladies.
The basket of E coli
you ordered.
Mmm.
I got this.
Here you go.
It's weird seeing
you in here
without yelling at Frank, Fi.
Well, there's always time.
Keep the change.
Oh!
So your dad's
still a drunk?
Mine, too.
Yeah?
Yeah.
He's good
at hiding it, though.
Has to.
He's on the fire department.
Oh.
So what about you?
Are you with someone right now?
I've been dating
this guy Steve.
About all we
have is passion.
(sighs)
Say it again, but slower.
(chuckles)
Before I met Hal, I was engaged
to this guy Ralph.
We fucked everywhere.
I mean, one time, we did it
in the bathroom at a party.
(snickers)
Done that.
(gasps)
I like you, Miss Fiona.
You're a dirty girl, like me.
So what happened
with the bathroom fucker?
He didn't want to be there
for the small things in life,
like cooking a meal
and getting sick and...
laughing
at a stupid TV show.
Sorry.
It's okay.
You know, his loss.
Does your guy
like those things, or...?
Mmm....
I think so.
Or at least he pretends to.
Good. Then,
hold on to him,
because guys like that
get scooped up fast,
and before you know it,
you're 30
and the good ones are all gone.
And then you have to wait
until they get divorced,
but by then, you'll be 45.
Oh, God. I got to bolt.
I'll see you
at the, uh,
kids' party tomorrow?
I wasn't really going to go
after that meeting.
Oh. But now that you met me?
Uh, I'll think about it.
Good.
Bye.
Okay.
Uh, bye.
(sighs)
You just made
my boy parts get bigger.
Fuck off.
Looking for
a few more guys.
It's my busy season.
Dangerous?
Can be,
if you're not careful.
Right.
City contracts me to clear
the stoppages in the sewer.
Not glamorous work
we're talking about.
Sounds great to me.
(grunts)
Fill this out.
How we doing, Paulie?
PAULIE (echoing):
All set! Turn her on!
Come to work with your dad?
No school.
Budget cuts.
Yeah, me, too.
Want to go out sometime?
I'm only 12.
It's cool.
I'm into older women.
I don't like
that you're
getting hurt on purpose
to make money.
Isn't that cheating?
I prefer to think of it
as helping.
You do?
Yeah.
When I collect workman's comp,
some lady has to fill out
the paperwork.
That's her job.
If it wasn't for me,
she'd be unemployed.
Oh...
PAULIE: Shut it off,
for the love of God!
Shut it off!
My eye! Aah!
Fuck! The city's going to shut
me down again for weeks now.
Paulie'll make
millions off this.
PAULIE:
Shut it off!
Call an ambulance!
(sighs)
Thanks.
We get a call?
You catch the plates
on that guy Steve's Cayenne?
Uh, seven three Echo
Yankee five five.
How'd I know you'd
have it memorized?
You little psycho.
(chuckles)
Guess what car just
got reported stolen.
By Steve?
No. By the owner.
Roberto Cavesi.
So Steve stole it.
Or bought it stolen.
He's probably scratching the VIN
and changing the plates
right now.
Uh, did you call it in?
Just getting ready.
No, uh...
why don't we hold off
for a few hours?
I'm not going to do
anything crazy.
I just want to talk
to Fiona first.
(engine starting)
You may have heard how dangerous
this place has been to work.
Not afraid.
Medical waste disposal.
Blood-soaked bandages.
Contaminated needles.
Body parts.
CARL:
Cool!
Used to be
we could only get
illegal immigrants
to work here.
Looking at a true-blue
American.
Yeah. Well, the CDC came
around four months ago
and hit us with
some hefty fines.
That's when they
brought me in.
I turned this
place around.
Excuse me?
Oh, I'm an OSHA-certified
safety compliance officer.
Take a look.
Yeah, I got this place
in shipshape.
All new health
and safety rules,
weekly safety meetings
for all employees.
"93 days accident free."
Come on, I'll show
you your workstation.
AIDS needles.
Okay.
♪ ♪
(knocking)
Hey, Tony.
Fiona.
Wasn't sure whether to knock
over here or next door.
I'm mostly here.
None of my business, really.
Okay.
Steve around today?
He's at work.
Work, yeah.
Fiona, Steve may not be
the guy you think he is.
(chuckles)
Is this the part
where it's none of
your business?
There's some things about him
I don't think you know.
You ever wonder why
he has all that money
but he hangs out down here?
(chuckles)
That sounds awfully close
to being an insult.
I don't, I don't
mean it like that.
What other way is
there to mean it?
I mean, why would a guy like
Steve be with someone like me?
No.
I know
what you're doing.
Bad-mouthing Steve.
He'd never talk shit
about you, ever.
You should go, Tony.
Just be careful, Fiona.
Come on.
(line ringing)
Pick up.
STEVE (recorded):
It's me. Leave a message.
(line ringing)
Come on, pick up.
STEVE (recorded):
It's me. Leave a message.
Shit!
MAN: Looking for someone
to work in cabinetry.
From, uh, refinishing
to installation.
Flexible hours,
and we can offer
competitive benefits.
(laughs)
I got to be honest with you
about something here.
Yeah, what's that?
You know, most industries
are using green products.
Everything's eco-friendly
this, eco-friendly that.
I just haven't jumped
on the bandwagon yet.
I mean, the stuff's
too damn expensive.
Not to mention,
Ed Begley Jr.'s a pussy.
Well, you know,
the products that we're using--
they're not exactly
the safest.
Formaldehyde's
our biggest culprit.
As a result,
lot of folks are getting
sick around here.
Seems like they're
sensitive to...
He'll take it.
What?
The job.
He'll take it.
Tomorrow okay
for him to start?
Uh, yeah, yeah,
sure, okay.
Yeah.
(laughs)
Hi, I'm Karen Jackson.
I mean, Daddyz Girl.
This is my first
Web diary entry,
and it's dedicated
to my daddy...
Eddie Jackson.
Here he is on the left.
You can visit him at the ITC
on 126th where he works.
My daddy and I recently went to
a Purity Ball, where he asked me
to confess my sexual sins
so that we can be closer.
But when I did,
guess what he did.
He called me a whore.
In front of a room
full of people.
A whore.
Yelled it.
So guess what, Daddy.
I've got something for you.
These are vanilla.
Where were
you two guys all day?
LIP:
We went to go see Grammy,
like you suggested.
Yeah? How is she?
Still mean
as a snake.
Hmm.
Carl, hey, we're
decorating not eating.
Hey-yo!
Thank God.
What's up?
Did you get my messages
about Tony?
Been trying you for hours.
Oh, work was crazy.
I'm worried.
Oh, he's not gonna do
anything to me.
Well, I-I think
he suspects something.
No, he's just jealous.
I'm careful.
Promise. Okay?
All right.
What do we got going on here?
Well, if you're Carl, then
you're making scrotum cupcakes.
(laughter)
Very nice.
(dog barks in distance)
TONY:
He already changed the plates?
You're going down, fucker.
IAN:
Steve give you the car?
LIP:
No, I bought it.
Had $74,920 lying around.
IAN:
Ah, money well spent.
Yo.
Where are you?
I'm, uh, sorry about yesterday,
all right?
All right, call me back.
Don't be mad.
Karen?
Yeah.
So why is it we've never
met any of Frank's brothers?
Family reunions
are for families.
And will the guy behind
door number one be
Ian Gallagher's
ticket out?
Shut up.
Yeah?
Holy shit.
Oh, my God.
What do you want?
Uh, hi.
Um, I'm sorry.
Uh, my name is Phillip.
This is my brother Ian.
Yeah, so?
Well, we're, uh, we're
Frank Gallagher's sons.
You...!
And we were wondering
maybe if we could
talk to you for a...
Son of a bi...!
Oh.
Off to a
good start.
I didn't know Dad was
a twin, did you?
No.
Hey! What are you doing?
Well, we should at
least talk to him.
He just slammed the door
in our faces.
Yeah, we probably
scared him.
I-I don't want
that dick
being my father,
all right?
We're here. We should
find out more about him.
Hey.
(knocking)
JERRY:
I have a shotgun!
And I'm not
afraid to use it!
Happy?
Yeah.
Okay.
(video game sound effects)
STEVE:
Come on.
Where'd you guys
get the Xbox?
I let them borrow mine.
You're getting into this
Classroom Moms thing.
(chuckles)
Well, it's important
to Debs, right?
Yep.
(knocking)
I'll get it.
Don't run away just because
I'm kicking your ass.
Hi.
I'm Jasmine.
I've heard of you.
I'm Steve.
Oh.
FIONA:
Hey.
Uh, Debs,
clean this stuff up.
JASMINE:
Oh, no, no, don't worry.
My ironing board is still
out from last weekend.
Uh, you met
my boyfriend Steve?
I did. He's cute.
For that, you get
a cup of coffee.
Mm.
Uh, sorry for coming
over unannounced.
It's okay.
I was just at my sister's house.
She let me raid her closet.
Guess what doesn't
fit her anymore.
All that?
She's pregnant
again.
So I thought maybe that we could
try this stuff on
and see what fits us.
Sure.
Uh, we're gonna
be upstairs.
STEVE:
It's all right.
Your boyfriend's
got to go to
work soon anyway.
Be careful today.
I will.
Thanks.
Nice to meet you, Jasmine.
Yeah. Will I see you
at the party tonight?
I wouldn't miss it.
(car horn honking outside)
Not so fast, buster.
Hey, Debs.
I got your new iPad in my bag.
Did you tell her, Jimmy?
Family?
Dropped out of med school?
Different name?
Yeah, I just haven't found
the right time yet. Okay?
It's unnatural for a kid
to hold a secret for so long.
I'm gonna crack.
Okay, okay, tonight.
(car horn honking outside)
That's my ride.
I got to go.
Pinkie swear?
Yes.
Do it.
Pinkie swear.
(car horn honking)
Hold your horses. I'm coming.
(machines whirring)
First day on the job.
Oh, yeah?
Suppose I could use
a power tool?
Whoa, baby steps,
my friend.
Probably in
about a month.
Surprised to find
an opening in this economy.
Somebody get fired?
Lorenzo worked
at that station.
He's out on worker's comp.
One man's misfortune
is another man's opportunity.
What, um,
what happened to him?
Emphysema.
And how did Lorenzo
get the big E?
Inhaling
chemical fumes.
That's all it took?
Oh, you'd be smart
to wear a mask.
What fumes, exactly?
You know, so I can stay clear.
Paint thinner, formaldehyde,
cleaners, stainer.
You name it.
I mean, he was here
one day, gone the next.
That fast, huh?
A man dedicates
seven years of his life
to a company, and that's
the thanks he gets.
A bum lung.
Seven years?!
You said he was here one day,
gone the next.
He was.
After having the job
for seven years.
He was my best
work friend.
Sucks not having him
around here anymore.
That looks good on you.
You think?
Your body is perfect.
(groans) Makes
me look huge.
Please.
Look at this.
Still haven't gotten
rid of my baby fat.
My youngest is six.
Hmm.
I really like Steve,
by the way.
He's a good guy.
I think.
He seems into you.
Well, he
stuck around.
Here, try this on.
So, I talked
to Hal last night.
His business is
booming right now.
What's he do?
He's an accountant.
Helps people with their taxes,
that sort of thing.
Are you good with numbers?
I guess so.
Then I'll introduce you to him
later at the party.
(gasps)
(sighs)
I mean...
(cell phone vibrates)
(sighs) Got to pick
up the monsters.
Why you being so nice to me?
Why are you being a freak
and asking a question like that?
See you tonight.
♪ ♪
(grunting)
Ah, I knew I had it
here somewhere.
This...
is your father and me
when we were
altar boys.
Dad was an altar boy?
Yeah, he sure was.
Wow. Frank around
the communion wine--
that must have been
quite a challenge, huh?
(chuckles)
Father Frank,
as we used to call him,
he was very devout.
He was, uh, first in his class
at catechism.
Frank?
So, what brings you boys around?
Well, we're working on a family
tree project at school, Lucy.
Aunt Lucy.
Oh, wow.
Well, good for you.
Did your dad
tell you where I lived?
No, no, we
looked it up.
Yeah, I don't suppose
he would have.
We, um, we had a falling out
a long time ago.
Anybody need some more pop?
It was my fault.
I should have done
something about
it, I-I just--
I never did.
Clayton, I need your help
in the kitchen with the pop.
Okay, more pop
coming right up.
LUCY:
What are you doing?
Getting to know
my nephews.
Let's go.
I don't want them
in my house.
What? They're great.
They're family!
I can't do this.
Do what?
You told me you never
slept with her!
I didn't!
This-- ruin their lives.
So, why does he look
exactly like Jacob?!
That guy's totally your dad.
You don't know that for a fact.
We can easily find out.
I don't wanna know!
You look exactly like him.
So what am I
supposed to do,
pack my bags
and move in here?
Yeah! Have you checked
this place out?
Fuck!
Ian...
(Clayton and Lucy shouting)
Ian!
Ian! Ian, come on!
We should at least go in and...
Look, this is about you,
all right? Not me.
We all have our problems
with Frank,
but he's still my father.
And-and Fiona's my sister
and you're my brother.
Debbie, Carl, Liam;
we're a family.
But Ian, you can have
a sweet life here.
I'm happy with who we are...
even if you're not.
♪ ♪
(splutters)
Well, look at that.
Lunch is over.
The time, how she flies.
Well, it's back to the
grindstone for this guy. (gasps)
Whoa! Careful, Frank!
That spill almost got you there.
Already lost one
best work friend.
Don't need to lose
another so soon.
Okay, you can let go now.
♪ ♪
(horn and alarm blaring)
(alarm ceases)
Hey-ey-ey! Tony, right?
Funny seeing you here.
How are ya?
(groans)
How long you been
stealing cars?
Who says I steal them?
(tires screech,
horn honks)
Ow! Fuck!
You were in a Cayenne yesterday,
hot-wiring a 911 today.
No, no, no. I lost my keys.
Motherfucker!
How long?
As long as I've
been fucking Fiona for.
Oh, fuck!
And for dinner she made pork
loin with caramelized apples
with a side
of iceberg lettuce
that had a little oil and
vinegar drizzled on it.
Oh, what I'd do
for a little Roquefort,
but with my high cholesterol
and all...
I told you about that, right?
About an hour ago.
267. Your doctor wants it
under 150.
Aw, you remember.
Anyway, after dinner,
she cut some berries
for dessert.
Strawberries,
raspberries,
blackberries.
Oh, fuck! Ow, ow, ow!
Oh, shit!
Frank!
(gasps)
Frank?!
Here I come!
(Steve groans)
Second place
sucks, huh?
Think this is
only about Fiona?
Well, it fuckin' seems that way!
Yeah? It's also about
the little operation you got
going on.
Yeah, I could cut you in.
Oh, yeah?
(groans)
You bribing an officer?
Wait, wait. The way
that I figure it,
there's not much
you can do.
You bring me in, you risk Fiona
hating you forever.
(panting)
Yeah. Yeah, that's how
I see it, too.
So, uh, I'm gonna leave
it up to you.
What the hell
does that mean, huh?
Come here.
You got two choices:
You could turn yourself in,
spend a couple of years
in jail.
Of course, by the time
you get out,
Fiona and I'll be
married.
(spits)
In your dreams.
(stammers)
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Wait, wait.
What's the second choice?
You could save
your ass.
How?
Disappear tonight.
Walk away.
Just leave everything behind.
Don't go back
to your house.
Don't call her.
Don't say good-bye. Just leave.
But you have to
decide right now.
♪ I think I'm love drunk
off one shot of you ♪
♪ I think I'm love drunk,
and you're the proof ♪
♪ I think I'm love drunk, I'm
chasing you, I think I'm... ♪
Nice ass.
Excuse me?
Ooh, don't mind him.
He thinks he's so funny.
This is my husband Hal.
How's it going?
Hal... scared me there.
Almost had to give you
a knee to the groin.
Jazzy's told me all about you.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Said you're gonna work for me.
I am?
She's the boss.
Don't give me that look.
Come on.
Let's take a lap.
Uh-oh!
Stay out
of trouble, Hal.
Thought that cute boyfriend
of yours was coming.
Yeah, so did I.
(horn blares)
What the hell?!
Dispatch, this is off-duty
Officer 2244 reporting
a stolen vehicle:
license
7-2-Delta-Delta-Foxtrot-4,
black new Porsche Cayenne
heading eastbound on Carmac
just past 36th Street.
(garbled police radio
transmission)
♪ Dead and left for broke?
No, not yet ♪
Well, Steve, possession
of a stolen car is a fel...
♪ Far from the ground, no,
you'll never bring us down ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪
♪ Ripped, torn from the hands of
the willing ♪
♪ Mum, that's what I'll keep
and I mean it ♪
♪ No, say what I mean
♪ Done minding
the tongue of the bigot ♪
♪ Dead and left for broke? ♪
♪ No, not yet ♪
♪ Far from the ground ♪
(distant sobbing)
(sobbing continues)
You all right?
Get the fuck out of here!
Sorry.
Wait.
Come back here.
What happened to your hand?
Work thing.
Is your hair different
or something?
Let me see.
(mumbling)
Sit!
Nah, nah, I really
should get upstairs.
Are those pain pills?
Oxy.
Give me one.
Oh, no, wait! No, don't you
be taking all of those.
(groans)
Whoa! Wait!
What are you doing?
Oh, shit!
Shh...
No, no, no...
STEVE: Leave a message.
Still not picking up?
No, keeps going straight
to voicemail.
I have a bad feeling about this.
I'm sure there's a logical
explanation, honey.
You want to sneak off
to the bathroom?
I have some
party favors.
What?
A little pick-me-up?
It'll make you
feel better.
(phone rings)
Hello?
Yes.
What?
Shit! No, I'll be right there.
My brothers were just arrested.
♪ I'm crazy,
but I'm not afraid... ♪
FRANK:
No! (slurred moaning)
No, no! Whoa!
What do you think now, Daddy?
Am I still a whore?!
Ah! Mother of God!
(grunting continues)
Captioning sponsored by
WARNER BROS. TELEVISION
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
♪ What I want!  ♪
♪ Hey, lady, gonna tell
what I want ♪
♪ What I want! ♪
♪ Hey, lady, gonna tell
what I want! ♪
♪ What I want!  ♪
♪ Hey, lady, gonna tell
what I need ♪
♪ Gonna love you every night
and every day ♪
♪ Every day!  ♪
♪ Gonna love you every night
and every day ♪
♪ Every day!  ♪
♪ Gonna love you every night
and every day ♪
♪ Every day!  ♪
♪ Gonna love you every night
and every day! ♪